jay-z is headlining a huge concert down
the block tonight called title X we're
going to join that live from Barclays
all the big names will be there nas uh
sure Beyonce Nicki Minaj the pizza rat
you name it they will be there one of
jay-z's biggest hits is a song called 99
problems which is a lot of problems for
one person to have okay if you have that
many problems you should probably get
help but so in honor of jay-z's
appearance on our show tonight we went
out of the street today here in Brooklyn
we asked people what's your problem
99 times what's your problem render them
too high in New York weather money upon
the tree two to three hours in traffic
my daughter my 8 a.m. class commuting in
the cold home boyfriend problems as
usual um right now I think it's skin
care I hate long pants paycheck sleep
student loans ben Carson the person who
leans on the pole in the subway too many
people getting married my partner's
little too small I'm single I don't like
the cops I hate the smell a pissy
Subway's the Kardashians I can't party
that's my problem
oh my nagging gopher Clinton I'm gonna
say myself from cats
the Yankees loser men who come into your
life and suck out all your energy
my apartments too small my furniture is
too big I have too many kids
well a little sciatic pain but that's
okay I cannot use doorway crosses foods
cooking lawyers no fault insurance
nobody writes letters anymore my
landlord the weather I haven't won Mega
Millions discrimination today
not enough pumpkins my commute dumb rent
shallow people my phone sucks my
fortunes don't want to do homework
my boyfriend's attitude is my problem
big Mets fans I hate it when men spread
their legs on the subway texting a
sporting events my husband has expensive
tastes
I have jury duty today law school
Carmelo Anthony I need a boy crazy
people peanut butter in my beard Donald
Trump my ex son-in-law
college loans tuition mental illness
when the sheets come out from the end of
your bed and then they get all tangled
men over forty two jobs at sixty winter
approaching I don't like gerbils and
cats I have two brie in my hair parking
my children don't listen bro gas man
people college is boring breakdancers
what's your problem with breakdancers
too much movement my problem is that I'm
not
Time Warner Cable midterms I'm too fat I
don't have enough pretty women at the
moment but I will have them
breastfeeding in public the subway it
smells by Bichons homework I hate when
people
politicians I don't make enough money to
support my shopping habits
my boyfriend's never seen the movie
Grease so that's a big problem naked
people in the subway chase oddly hate
that guy I'm pregnant
my mother wall what's your problem
what's your problem my upstairs
neighbors what's your problem it's fine
but I'm from Scotland I don't know where
I am and I really need the toilet okay
okay
I am Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel to get
all our latest videos before they die
and go to YouTube heaven